Separate CRDs into its own helm chart (#39)
kubewarden/helm-charts: charts/README.md

> Please refer to the release notes of each version of the helm charts.

Reviewer: Nit: 

```diff
- ## Upgrading the chart
+ ## Upgrading the charts
```

Author: done, thanks! :)

These can be found [here](https://github.com/kubewarden/helm-charts/releases).

## Uninstalling the charts

To uninstall/delete kubewarden-controller and kubewarden-crds use the following
command:

```console
$ helm uninstall -n kubewarden kubewarden-controller
$ helm uninstall -n kubewarden kubewarden-crds
```

> The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart, all

Reviewer: Nit: 

```suggestion
The commands remove all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart, all
```
(there's another one in the following phrase)

Author: done, thanks! :)
